git --version
git init  "( we can add an empty or we can initialize empty git repository)"

git status "(The git status command is used in Git to display the state of the working directory and the staging area.)"

git add testing.py  "(The command git add testing.py adds the testing.py file to the staging area in Git.)"

git status

git rm --cached testing.py "(The command git rm --cached testing.py removes the testing.py file from the staging area and it goes in untracked)"

git status

git add . "(The command git add . stages all the changes in the current directory and its subdirectories. all files select)

git commit -m "added testing files"  "(The command git commit -m "added testing files" commits the changes you've staged (using git add . or git add <file>) to the Git repository with the message "added testing files".)""

rm testing.py  "(remove the testing.py file)"

git restore teting.py  "(restore the files)"

-- To Push Code --
git remote -v   "(used to check remote repo add or not..)"

git remote set-url origin https://Your_Generated_Token@github.com/VighneshPatil17/Github-for-devops.git "(to push the code from local pc to remote :: )"

git push origin master "(The command git push origin master pushes your local changes (committed changes) in the master branch to the remote repository named origin)"

this is some new changes

-- To clone the repo (Means from Github to local) --

1stly You should create a directory usind cd path/loc and then mkdir dirname.
Then you have to run "git clone url" this command. Then you run "git push origin master". 

-- Pull The code --
suppose you already push the code on github and then you made some changes in local like vs code and then you 
check the github , but on github the changes you made in vs code are not displayed on github.
That time you 1st run the command "git status" and then tracked the file using "git add file" and 
"git commit -m "message" " commands. Then run "git remote set-url origin https://Pat@github.com/name".
And last you run "git push origin master" command.
Then all changes has also done on github. 